Jacob Gronert
San Francisco Bay Area, CA jacobgronert@gmail.com - (510) 557-3025
I'm a computer science graduate from San Francisco State University. I'm deeply passionate about web development and primarily occupy my time with designing cool websites.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Network Engineer
Aplan Consulting - San Francisco, CA - February 2013 to Present
Experienced network engineer: - Microsoft Outlook Exchange server maintenance - Website maintenance - Remote based tech support - Dell server and workstation PC Hardware installation and repair - Document indexing software configuration and management
Software Development Experience - Familiar developing in *nix based environments. - Experienced with version control system design techniques and practices, particularly Git and Github. - Familiar with LAMP stack development.
Applications I've participated in developing: - Processing Video Editor - mirix5.github.io/processingvideoeditor/ Description: Designed by Elbert Dang and I during the Fall 2015 semester at SFSU. The processing video editor is a lightweight media management application that lets you listen to music, watch movies and add effects on top of the movies. Technologies used: Processing2, Java My Role: I worked in conjunction with Elbert to develop the main features of the application including a timeline, a dynamic file list, loading files, a preview frame, and several visual effects. I also developed the presentation website (linked above).
Web Development Experience: - Front end interface design using frameworks such as Bootstrap, along with more modern design techniques involving HTML 5 and CSS3. - Familiar with javascript and related frameworks such as jQuery. - Back end database design and dynamic web page development using PHP and Ruby on Rails. - Familiar with MVC based systems.
Web applications I've participated in developing: - Another Person's Treasure - www.sfsuswe.com/~s14g02 Description: Designed by a team of 5 students as a capstone project at SFSU during the Spring 2014 semester using SCRUM management. APT is an online marketplace for selling used goods. Technologies used: Twitter Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, PHP 5.3, MySQL, FontAwesome

My Role: I primarily handled front end development and worked with bootstrap to design the user experience. I also worked a bit on the backend when called for.
- Always on Time - rankonesolutions.github.io/Always-On-Time/ Description: Designed by Augustine Wittkower and I, AOT is an application designed to help those with trouble getting up in the morning. It features a simple alarm clock that will wake the user up at a random point between a certain interval of time. Technologies used: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery. My Role: I handled most of the front end and designed the css and javascript transitions. I also did a small bit of the jQuery work.
- Be sure to check out my portfolio for more of my work!
Professional Goals: - Seeking employment opportunities to fully utilize a diverse, comprehensive skillset in a challenging work environment involving software engineering and/or web development.
EDUCATION
BS in Computer Science
San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA 2010 to 2014
Washington High School - Fremont, CA
BS in Computer Science
San Francisco State University
SKILLS
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Javascript, jQuery, Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, C++, Java, Python, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, MVC systems, LAMP stacks, Bootstrap, Excellent verbal and written communication skills, Excellent programmer and web developer, Front End Web design, Back end Web design, SCRUM management
LINKS
http://www.jacobgronert.com
https://github.com/Mirix5
https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jacob-gronert/91/249/829

