Merna Girgis
Fairfax, VA mernawny1213@gmail.com - (703)832-5240
A skilled computer engineer who is Seeking a challenging career with a progressive organization, a company that provides an opportunity to capitalize on my technical skills and abilities in the field of computer science, programming and software development.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Programmer
Crocobite - Alexandria - January 2009 to March 2013 March 2013- January 2015: Programmer at CROCOBITE, Alexandria, Egypt. RESPONSIBILITIES & DUTIES : - Working with a team of developers to maintain, develop and add functionalities to numerous kinds of applications. - Write, update, and maintain the application to handle specific tasks, such as tracking inventory, storing and retrieving data, as well as online shopping. - Correct bugs by implementing all the necessary changes, then recheck the program to ensure that the desired results are executed. - Enhance existing applications efficiency and functionality to optimize performance. - Provide support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports. - Design user interfaces and software designs. - Provide new ideas and required designs to clients.
EDUCATION
Bachelor Degree in Computer and Communication Engineering
Alexandria 2009 to 2014
SKILLS
Java, PHP, HTML, HTML5, CSS, JS, XML, Assembly Language, VRML, JSTL, AJAX, JSON, Servlets, JSP, Maven, Spring, Glassfish, Tomcat, JQuery, Angular.js, MVC Framework, Hibernate, MySQL, Oracle, JDBC, UNIX, LINUX, Windows, MATLAB, Photoshop, Data Structures, Algorithms, Eclipse, Netbeans, CodeBlocks, Wordpress
LINKS
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mernagirgis
https://github.com/Merna-Girgis
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Exceptional listener and communicator who effectively conveys information verbally and in writing.

Highly analytical thinking with demonstrated talent for identifying, scrutinizing, improving, and streamlining complex work processes. Flexible team player who thrives in environments requiring ability to effectively prioritize and juggle multiple concurrent projects. Personable professional whose strengths include cultural sensitivity and an ability to build rapport with a diverse workforce in multicultural settings. Innovative problem-solver who can generate workable solutions and resolve complaints.

